We currently support installing on Debian 5.0 Lenny and Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid systems.

h2. Install rubygems

To get access to the binaries provided by rails and other gems you need to extend your PATH.

<pre>
export PATH=/var/lib/gems/1.8/bin:$PATH
</pre>

h3. On Debian 5.0 Lenny and Ubuntu Intrepid

We need to add lenny-backports support to get a rubygems version supporting rails 2.3.

Create the file _/etc/apt/sources.list.d/lenny-backports.list_ with the following content:

<pre>
deb http://www.backports.org/debian lenny-backports main contrib
</pre>

Enable the backports repository and install rubygems:

<pre>
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install debian-backports-keyring
sudo apt-get install -t lenny-backports rubygems
</pre>

h3. On Ubuntu Lucid

A current rubygems is included in Ubuntu Lucid. Just install:

<pre>
sudo apt-get install rubygems
</pre>

h2. Install Ruby'n'Rails

CyDoc is developed and tested using Rails 2.3.10 and Ruby 1.8.

Install packages to support installing rails:

<pre>
sudo apt-get install irb ruby libruby-extras git-core recode sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev libmysqlclient-dev libxml2-dev libxslt-dev cups-bsd cupsys-client libcupsys2-dev ruby-dev build-essential
sudo gem install rake bundler
</pre>

h2. Install CyDoc

Install current CyDoc from git repostory. We'll use this checkout as working directory from now on:

<pre>
sudo git clone http://github.com/huerlisi/CyDoc.git /srv/cydoc
cd /srv/cydoc
sudo mkdir -p vendor tmp log data/vesr
sudo cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml
</pre>

Install dependency gems:

<pre>
bundle --deployment
</pre>

Install dependency plugins:

<pre>
# Install plugin package dependencies
sudo git submodule update --init

# Run post-installation hooks
sudo /var/lib/gems/1.8/bin/rake auth:gen:site_key
</pre>
